Delete documentation inconsistency 'finally' for AR callbacks [ci skip] (#35303)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_validations.md

### Using a Proc with `:if` and `:unless`

> it's possible to associate `:if` and `:unless` with a `Proc` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to associate `:if` and `:unless` with a `Proc` object
```
